README.md, before:

# Rc2AppServer

<p align="center">

<img alt="Swift 4.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-4.0-orange.svg?style=flat" style="max-width:100%;">

<img alt="Platforms OS X | Linux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platforms-OS%20X%20%7C%20Linux%20-lightgray.svg?style=flat" style="max-width:100%;">

<img alt="License ISC" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-lightgrey.svg?style=flat" style="max-width:100%;">

</p>

Latest version of AppServer written in Swift, deployable on Linux.

## Dependencies

Requires the minizip library. On mac, `brew install minizip`, on linux `apt-get install libminizip-dev`.

## Build setup

To generate an xcodeproj, use `swift package generate-xcodeproj --xcconfig-overrides Mac.xcconfig`. This will override the deployment target which swift hardcodes at 10.10.

To compile from the command line on macOS, use `swift  build -Xswiftc "-target" -Xswiftc x86_64-apple-macosx10.12`

## integration testing

start docker containers with:

`docker run -d --name appdev_compute --network rc2dev --network-alias compute -p 7714:7714 rc2server/compute:0.4.4`

`docker run -d --name appdev_db --network rc2dev --network-alias dbserver -p 5432:5432 mlilback/appdevdb:0.1`

Commit message:

added note about openssl temporary fix on linux

README.md, after:

# Rc2AppServer

<p align="center">

<img alt="Swift 4.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-4.0-orange.svg?style=flat" style="max-width:100%;">

<img alt="Platforms OS X | Linux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platforms-OS%20X%20%7C%20Linux%20-lightgray.svg?style=flat" style="max-width:100%;">

<img alt="License ISC" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-lightgrey.svg?style=flat" style="max-width:100%;">

</p>

Latest version of AppServer written in Swift, deployable on Linux.

## Dependencies

Requires the minizip library. On mac, `brew install minizip`, on linux `apt-get install libminizip-dev`.

## Build setup

To generate an xcodeproj, use `swift package generate-xcodeproj --xcconfig-overrides Mac.xcconfig`. This will override the deployment target which swift hardcodes at 10.10.

To compile from the command line on macOS, use `swift  build -Xswiftc "-target" -Xswiftc x86_64-apple-macosx10.12`

For linux, the line `link "COpenSSL"` needs to be removed from `.build/checkouts/Perfect-COpenSSL-Linux.git/COpenSSL/include/modulemodulemap`. This is temporary, and a patch is pending.

## integration testing

start docker containers with:

`docker run -d --name appdev_compute --network rc2dev --network-alias compute -p 7714:7714 rc2server/compute:0.4.4`

`docker run -d --name appdev_db --network rc2dev --network-alias dbserver -p 5432:5432 mlilback/appdevdb:0.1`
